README.md, before:

# Sounddrop : Multiroom audio system

## Overview [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/mafzst/Sounddrop?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/mafzst/Sounddrop)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fmafzst%2Fsounddrop.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fmafzst%2Fsounddrop?ref=badge_shield)

Sound Drop is a golang software to play music in multiple rooms at the same time.
It's designed to run on multiple devices and allows them to discover themselves automatically on the local network.
User can after create group of devices to share sound between them.

## Install

```
go get github.com/mafzst/Sounddrop
```

## Example

```
go run main.go
```

## Author

Nicolas Perraut - [@mafzst](https://github.com/mafzst)


## License
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fmafzst%2Fsounddrop.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fmafzst%2Fsounddrop?ref=badge_large)

## Third party softwares
See [FOSSA Report](https://app.fossa.io/attribution/f77bb2ca-2a14-4cc0-98c9-eb438f6814fe)

Commit message:

📝 (doc) Add very basic usage in README

README.md, after:

# Sounddrop : Multiroom audio system
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fmafzst%2Fsounddrop.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fmafzst%2Fsounddrop?ref=badge_shield)

## Overview

Sound Drop is a golang software to play music in multiple rooms at the same time.
It's designed to run on multiple devices and allows them to discover themselves automatically on the local network.
User can after create group of devices to share sound between them.

## Basic usage
```bash
go get ./...

# on a device with sound files
go run main.go -auto-accept -auto-start-stream -playlist-dir=/path/to/sounds/folder

# on the others devices (on the same network)
go run main.go 
```

## Author

Nicolas Perraut - [@mafzst](https://github.com/mafzst)


## License
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fmafzst%2Fsounddrop.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fmafzst%2Fsounddrop?ref=badge_large)

## Third party softwares
See [FOSSA Report](https://app.fossa.io/attribution/f77bb2ca-2a14-4cc0-98c9-eb438f6814fe)
